An implementation of arbitrarily sized binary heaps without dynamic memory allocation in
C.  The implementation is used in the LITMUS^RT project, a real-time extension to the
Linux kernel. Thus, this implementation is easy to use in user-land and kernel-land
projects.

	Binary heaps are a simple data structure taught in introductory computer science.
"Easy" implementations come in two flavors:
(1) Heaps of a fixed maximum size where data is stored in a statically allocated array.
(2) Heaps of arbitrary size, but with dynamic memory allocation.

	It is tricky to get the best of both worlds while still obtaining high performance.
This implementation aims to do just that. It supports arbitrarily large heaps without the
need of dynamic memory allocation. This is accomplished by disassociating the data
stored in a heap node from the node provided by the caller that inserts the node.

How it works:
	The caller of binheap_add() provides both the data (usually a pointer) and a node
to store that pointer in. Initially, the provided node stores the provided data.
As new nodes are added or deleted from the heap, the data may be moved to another
node while the original node it was in may remain at the same structural location within
the binary heap. This disassociation of data from node allows heap bubble operations
to be fast (just a pointer swap) while node pointers (parent, child, etc.) remain
unchanged.
	Note that this method makes arbitrary deletions from the heap tricky, but
not impossible--the original node and inserted data must be removed together.

Other Design Goals:
* Provide a drop-in replacement to Linked Lists in the Linux Kernel.  The binheap API
thus mimics the Linux Linked List API. This is great because priority queues are easier
to maintain in a binary heap than a sorted linked list. Furthermore, the Linux red-black
trees may be overkill in situations where heap order, instead of total order, is
sufficient.

Other Notes:
* Checkout Björn Brandenburg's binomial heap implementation if you need to quickly merge
two heaps. Binomial heaps are more efficient at this, but are more costly to maintain.
http://github.com/brandenburg/binomial-heaps

Contact:
Glenn Elliott
gelliott [at] cs [dot] unc [dot] edu

This code is made available under the LGPL, version 2.
